Add shot expval in C++ layer (#556)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### New features since last release

> * Add shots support for expectation value calculation for the observables (NamedObs, TensorProd and Hamiltonian) based on Pauli words, Identity and Hadamard in the C++ layer. All Lightning backends have this support now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add shots support for expectation value calculation of given observables (`NamedObs`, `TensorProd` and `Hamiltonian`) based on Pauli words, `Identity` and `Hadamard` in the C++ layer by adding `measure_with_samples` to the measurement interface. All Lightning backends have this support now.
```

> * Add shots support for expectation value calculation for given observables (`NamedObs`, `TensorProd` and `Hamiltonian`) based on Pauli words, `Identity` and `Hadamard` in the C++ layer by adding `measure_with_samples` to the measurement interface. All Lightning backends have this support now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add shots support for expectation value calculation for given observables (`NamedObs`, `TensorProd` and `Hamiltonian`) based on Pauli words, `Identity` and `Hadamard` in the C++ layer by adding `measure_with_samples` to the measurement interface. All Lightning backends support this feature.
```
